Part I
make a directory called first
	mkdir first
change directory to the first folder
	cd first
create a file called person.txt
	touch person.txt
change the name of person.txt to another.txt
	mv person.txt another.txt
make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
	cp another.txt copy.txt
remove the copy.txt file
	rm copy.txt
make a copy of the first folder and call it second
	cd ..
	cp first second
delete the second folder
	rm -rf second


Part II
What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
	The command displays a manual which explains how to use a terminal command. To scroll, you use the up and down arrows. To escape, you type "q".
	
Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
	The -l flag causes ls to use a long listing format. The -a flag causes it to show all entries, including those that start with ".".
		
How do you jump between words in the terminal?
	Hold cntrl and use the left and right arrows.
	
How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
	Cntrl+e

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
	Cntrl+a
	
How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
	Option+delete

What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
	The terminal is the program or device that lets you interact with your computer through text; the shell is the underlying program that interprets text commands into useable instructions for the computer. So, a shell could be accessed by multiple different types of terminal.

What is an absolute path?
	The full path that leads the computer to a given file or directory, starting at the beginning.

What is an relative path?
	The path from the directory you're currently in to a given file.

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
	A flag is a modifier to a terminal command. For example, the ls command can show hidden files when -a is used or display a long-form list format if -l is used, and rm can remove folders if -rf is used.

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
	They allow you to remove all the contents of a folder and then the folder itself.

